Hi everyone, this is Silvana and I'm going today.
show you how to use the machine
espresso for you who dance and
use or is my optics country grows
it's worldwide
I'll show you guys, she's coming.
The subject of both coffee you go
use and also use its axis
let's start china also comes with
this nextel meter is thirsty to see two
measures to make a cup of coffee
to make coffee adjustments I go
use the types of coffee
Let's get started so you choose two
cups or I'll never use just the
I thought you also found us
markets
It is very practical because I do not like
It gets a little strong.
Let's get started, you'll get it right.
that you had to also stay down
t you think well right Spain will take
drain water should not be filtered
people are going to use it's good that you put the
button to connect the person required to stay
active you will see when this little thing
here she lit it will turn green
so it's time that you can stay days
what you want
here we put it on
right down here is where I
I 'm going to call it works very well, simple and well.
broad
Having already gone out and drinks very delicious coffee
Beautiful people are creamy snow.
He was with seeing there is really
better now is very good you
you want and you think it's good
it is very simple to turn off the frame button
full
the two cups that I'm doing
I think it's already good, will not you?
see, look how it comes out, it goes out a lot
creamy
Look, you should see the fashion
creamy and I'll show you
How do you make milk?
I'm not here you have to be is
better put a little milk
It needs to be this way, I'll put
Look, she has a button that is the lens.
here the button you go
pressure is putting the girl who is
a little closer to eta than she
It's just you stayed everywhere it was okay
power is going to start now just going
dropping
you will see her begin to make a
noise well and feel what is good, not well
powerful will have put the milk and already
The slope inside will not explain
I'm going to start, we 'll make a noise.
even I'm going to put a possible place
mail
there will be no killing type reading
look that
There you close the pope when you
to finish there you already read that too
button here and photographed and displayed
more acreane reservoir a single leg
here's up're easy to clean
then you had this here and try
listen I'll show you how
waistcoat
foaming, huh?
Look how nice it is for you to see
Look, there you put it, I do not know how to do it.
those cute drawings, huh ?
Simply put the coffee you can
pick up and put yes someone who sells
part of summer you just look at the people who
Start coming, you can play and you.
You can do what you did in the drawing, right?
good, I think it's good to have a cup of coffee
It's already done, you know who's recording.
my daughter is new with know the
mouth technique in this you I liked
soon I like more videos a kiss
bye